Room ID	Flag	Label	Description	set flag	Goto room	N	S	E	O	Items	Reset		
intro		Once upon a time…	June the 19th, 1977, 6 o'clock a.m.. You wake up in your comfortable bed in your beloved bedroom inside your beautiful mansion, Dr. Loob.		bedroom1-1								
bedroom1-1	-	Dr. Loob's Bedroom	The room is still covered by the dim light. Few rays of light pass through the shutters. On the night table near the bed you can distinguish a lamp.							lamp1-1, chair1-1, journal1-1,  desk1-1			
bedroom1-1	lamp1on	Dr. Loob's Bedroom	On the left there is the old dark wood desk and in front of it the comfortable chair, in the very same position you left it last night. On the south you can admire the beloved door that closes since always the world outside your bedroom and allows you to sleep peaceful nights.				antechamber1-1						
bedroom1-2	-	Dr. Loob's Bedroom	Nothing has changed. On the left there is the old dark wood desk and in front of it the comfortable chair, in the very same position you left it last night. On the south you can admire the beloved door that closes since always the world outside your bedroom and allows you to sleep peaceful nights.				antechamber1-2			message1-2, chair1-2, journal1-2, desk1-2			
bedroom1-3	-	Dr. Loob's Bedroom	Nothing has changed. On the left there is the old dark wood desk and in front of it the comfortable chair, in the very same position you left it last night. On the south you can admire the beloved door that closes since always the world outside your bedroom and allows you to sleep peaceful nights.				shortcut1-3			message1-3, chair1-3, journal1-3, desk1-3			
bedroom1-3	shortcutseen	Dr. Loob's Bedroom	Nothing has changed. On the left there is the old dark wood desk and in front of it the comfortable chair, in the very same position you left it last night. On the south you can admire the beloved door that closes since always the world outside your bedroom and allows you to sleep peaceful nights.				antechamber1-3						
antechamber1-1	-	Dr. Loob's Antechamber	The antechamber is perfectly tidy. After all, you spend there only a few minutes a day. Surely it is less than the time Miss Lucy passes in there by watering the yellow flowers which make their best impression on the windowsill.			bedroom1-1	corridor1-1	studio1-1		flowers1-1, window1-1			
antechamber1-2	-	Dr. Loob's Antechamber	The antechamber is perfectly tidy. After all, you spend there only a few minutes a day. Surely it is less than the time Miss Lucy passes in there by watering the yellow flowers which make their best impression on the windowsill. But all of them has no much time left.			bedroom1-2	corridor1-2	studio1-2		flowers1-2, window1-2			
antechamber1-3	-	Dr. Loob's Antechamber	The antechamber is perfectly tidy. After all, you spend there only a few minutes a day. Surely it is less than the time Miss Lucy passes in there by watering the yellow flowers which make their best impression on the windowsill. But all of them has no much time left.	shortcutseen		bedroom1-3	corridor1-3	gameover3		flowers1-3, window1-3			
studio1-1	-	Dr. Loob's Studio	Wow! Your studio is floodlit thanks to the reflection system generated by the mirrors and by the white of the walls. You decided to satisfy rationally that caprice of yours because this room is no less than your own studio, isn't it? In the middle of the room, a desk.						antechamber1-1	desk2-1, mirror1-1, blueprint1-1			
studio1-2	-	Dr. Loob's Studio	Your studio is floodlit thanks to the reflection system generated by the mirrors and by the white of the walls. You need to collect the item required for the activation of the box as recommended by yourself. In the middle of the room, a desk.						antechamber1-2	desk2-2, mirror1-2, blueprint1-2			
corridor1-1	-	Main Corridor	The main corridor is very long and spacious. Through the window, morning sunlight gently touches on a wonderful painting. On the southern side there are the stairs leading to the first floor. On the eastern one a door leads to Dr. Rowley's rooms. On the west you can see the door to the library.			antechamber1-1	stairs1-1		library1-1	window2-1, painting1-1, door2-1, fireextinguisher1-1			
corridor1-2	-	Main Corridor	Maybe it is because you are aware of what will happen in a short while, but you feel an unusual heat in the main corridor. The wonderful painting touched by the sunlight is drawing your attention. On the southern side there are the stairs leading to the first floor. On the eastern one a door leads to Dr. Rowley's rooms. On the west you can see the door to the library.			antechamber1-2	stairs1-2		library1-2	window2-2, painting1-2, door2-2, fireextinguisher1-2, safe1-2			
corridor1-2	door2open	Main Corridor	On the southern side there are the stairs leading to the first floor. On the eastern one a door leads to Dr.Rowley's rooms and another one to the library.			antechamber1-2	stairs1-2	antechamber2-2	library1-2				
corridor1-3	-	Main Corridor	Maybe it is because you are aware of what will happen in a short while, but you feel an unusual heat in the main corridor. The wonderful painting touched by the sunlight is drawing your attention. On the southern side there are the stairs leading to the first floor. On the eastern one a door leads to Dr. Rowley's rooms. On the west you can see the door to the library.			antechamber1-3	stairs1-3		gameover3	window2-3, painting1-3, door2-3, fireextinguisher1-3			
antechamber2-2	-	Dr. Rowley's Antechamber	The antechamber is narrow. The only space is provided for a little window.					studio2-2	corridor1-2	window3-2			
antechamber2-2	rowleysaved	Dr. Rowley's Antechamber	Just out of curiosity, have you forgotten anything here, Dr. Loob?					studio2-2	corridor1-2	window3-2			
studio2-2	-	Dr. Rowley's Studio	At the side of the window two black vases create an elegant contrast with the white of the curtains. To the east, there is the door to Dr. Rowley's room. The heat is nearly intolerable.						antechamber2-2	vases1-2, door4-2			
studio2-2	doorchecked	Dr. Rowley's Studio	The two vases are in their position. The door to the Dr. Rowley's bedroom is covered in flames.						antechamber2-2				
studio2-2	rowleysaved	Dr. Rowley's Studio	Dr. Loob! Why are you still lingering here? Collect all the necessary items and run outside the mansion as fast as possible.				bedroom2-2		antechamber2-2				
bedroom2-2	-	Dr. Rowley's Bedroom	You succeed in extinguishing the flames that blocked the entrance. Dr. Rowley, still in the only corner of the bedroom not reached by the fire, runs toward you hacking through the flames.			studio2-2				rowley1-2			
library1-1	-	Library	The library is still dark in this hour of the day. A glass window acts as a roof. On the shelves, thousands of books. Among them an old bureau peeps out. In the middle of the room, you can see the meeting table.					corridor1-1		glasswall1-1, books1-1, meetingtable1-1, bureau1-1			
library1-2	-	Library	The library is still dark in this hour of the day. A glass window acts as a roof. On the shelves, thousands of books. Among them an old bureau peeps out. In the middle of the room you can see the meeting table.					corridor1-2		glasswall1-2, books1-2, meetingtable1-2, bureau1-2			
stairs1-1	-	Stairs	You take a deep breath. Then you head to the stairs in front of you to reach the first floor.			corridor1-1	sittingroom1-1						
stairs1-1	firediscovered	Stairs	Your legs will suffer so much after this, but you have to get moving.			corridor1-1	sittingroom1-1						
stairs1-2	-	Stairs	All this running is not very good for you. But you have no other possible choice. Let's go, Dr. Loob!			corridor1-2	sittingroom1-2						
stairs1-2	firediscovered	Stairs	While climbing the stairs, your only hope is that the fire stays calm a little more behind that stupid door, keeping safe the sitting room.			corridor1-2	sittingroom1-2						
stairs1-3	-	Stairs	The stairs are an infinite series of steps, but your goal is already clear and you cannot back down.			corridor1-3	sittingroom1-3						
sittingroom1-1	-	Sitting Room	When you open the door to the sitting room, a blanket of smoke forces you to stay back. What… What's happening? You put one hand on the nose and mouth while the other one tries to disperse the smoke by allowing you to cross the room. And at last, here it is the door to the entrance. You need to understand what's happening in the mansion.	firediscovered		stairs1-1				door3-1			
sittingroom1-1	firepropagation	Burning Sitting Room	You try to come back, but the flames have completely invaded the sitting room by now. If you had ever believed in God, this would have been the very moment to pray for the life of Dr. Rowley…				entrance1-1						
sittingroom1-2	-	Sitting Room	When you open the door to the sitting room, a blanket of smoke forces you to stay back. What… What's happening? You put one hand on the nose and mouth while the other one tries to disperse the smoke by allowing you to cross the room. And at last, here it is the door to the entrance.	firediscovered		stairs1-2				door3-2, rowley2-2			
sittingroom1-2	rowleysaved	Sitting Room	When you open the door to the sitting room, a blanket of smoke forces you to stay back. What… What's happening? You put one hand on the nose and mouth while the other one tries to disperse the smoke by allowing you to cross the room. And at last, here it is the door to the entrance.	firediscovered		stairs1-2							
sittingroom1-3	-	Sitting Room	The sitting room is where you and Dr. Rowley spend your relaxation time. You a man in his sixties, he a young one of thirty-three. Dr. Rowley brought in the mansion a kind joviality, you have to admit it.			stairs1-3	entrance1-3			sofa1-3, table2-3, armchair1-3,			
entrance1-1	-	Entrance	The mansion entrance has been unreached by the flames yet. You glance to the east towards the living room through the completely burned door. The flames are very high there. None of the furniture has survived on their fury. The path towards the outside seems safe enough for now. On your way through the house, you haven't met Dr. Rowley nor Miss Lucy.			sittingroom1-1	boulevard1-1	livingroom1-1					
entrance1-2	-	Entrance	The mansion entrance has been unreached by the flames yet. You glance to the east towards the living room through the completely burned door. The flames are very high there. None of the furniture has survived on their fury. The path towards the outside seems safe enough for now. On your way through the house, you haven't met Dr. Rowley nor Miss Lucy.		missionfailed1-2								
entrance1-2	rowleysaved	Entrance	The mansion entrance has been unreached by the flames yet. You glance to the east towards the living room through the completely burned door. The flames are very high there. None of the furniture has survived on their fury. The path towards the outside seems safe enough for now. Dr. Rowley crosses the great door to feel free and alive again. Miss Lucy could be safe outside too, as your future self didn't mention her in the message.				boulevard1-2	livingroom1-2					
entrance1-3	-	Entrance	The entrance is magnificent as always. Some statues of great scientists decorate the two sides of the room, polished by Miss Lucy just yesterday. You have to hurry, Dr. Loob. They cannot perish in flames, ok? 			sittingroom1-3	gameover3	livingroom1-3		statue1-3, curtains1-3, chandelier1-3			
livingroom1-1	-	Living Room	The chance that Miss Lucy could be blocked in the kitchen or in her room makes you impulsive. When you enter the living room, the heat is unbearable and the flames surround you, by deleting every chance to escape. Unfortunately, it's there where your life ends, Dr. Loob.		gameover								
livingroom1-2		Living Room	Made impulsive from the uncertainty of the next moves, you enter the living room. The heat is unbearable and the flames surround you, by deleting every chance to escape. Unfortunately, it's there where your life ends, Dr. Loob.		gameover								
livingroom1-3	-	Living Room	In the living room there are a huge table and ten chairs, all around it. On the right, a credenza with plates and whatever it takes for a great banquet. You haven't seen Miss Lucy yet. Probably she is preparing herself in her bedroom.			gameover3		totheend1-3	entrance1-3	table3-3, cupboard1-3, plates1-3			
livingroom1-3	nearthetruth	Living Room	In the living room there are a huge table and ten chairs, all around it. On the right, a credenza with plates and whatever it takes for a great banquet. You haven't seen Miss Lucy yet. Probably she is preparing herself in her bedroom.			gameover3		kitchen1-3	entrance1-3	table3-3, cupboard1-3, plates1-3			
kitchen1-3	-	Kitchen	The kitchen window is open. Some broken glass is on the ground near the shelves. You can see also some oily stains all across the room.						livingroom1-3	shelves1-3, glasses1-3, window4-3, stains1-3			
kitchen1-3	positionrevealed	Kitchen	The kitchen window is open. Some broken glass is on the ground near the shelves. You can see also some oily stains all across the room.			cellar1-3			livingroom1-3				
cellar1-3	-	Cellar	The cellar is dark, but a flashlight lies on the ground near the boiler. Standing and from behind, a tall male is in front of it, making some strange operation with its levers and knobs.				kitchen1-3			boiler1-3, man1-3, lance1-3			
boulevard1-1	-	Boulevard	You are finally out that hell. But you are deeply worried about your fellows. You hear a voice coming from the area of the lab.			entrance1-1			lab1-1	voice1-1, misslucy1-1			
boulevard1-1	voicechecked	Boulevard	You are finally out that hell. But you are deeply worried about your fellows. You hear a voice coming from the area of the lab.			entrance1-1			lab1-1				
boulevard1-2	discoverymade	Boulevard	You are finally out that hell. Now you have only to meet with Miss Lucy and Dr. Rowley to decide if there is a way to save the mansion. Oh, your beautiful and beloved mansion that is going to spread in the air like ash… You decide to follow the last instruction and use the box for the third time... I mean, for the second time, sorry. 			entrance1-2			lab1-2	misslucy1-2, rowley3-2, mansion1-2			
lab1-1	-	Lab	You come into the lab with an idea fixed in mind. You know that what you are thinking about it's not a safe way at all. Honestly, what else you could do by now. But hey… The box needs a special procedure and a specific result to work. Without a help, you... you cannot remember anything. And sadly you haven't the journal with the Dr. Rowley's Formula. There is no way to come back in the mansion by now... You have failed your mission, Dr. Loob.		gameover					box1-1, walls1-1, oldplan1-1			
lab1-1	journalpicked	Lab	You come into the lab with an idea fixed in mind. You know that what you are thinking about it's not a safe way at all. But honestly, what else you could do by now. In the left corner, the box for the time jumps is still idle.					boulevard1-1					
lab1-2		Lab	You know what to do. But because of your unforgivable lack of memory, without a help, you cannot remember anything about the box procedure. And sadly you haven't the journal with the Dr. Rowley's Formula. There is no way to come back in the mansion by now... You have failed your mission, Dr. Loob. 		gameover					box1-2, walls1-2, oldplan1-2			
lab1-2	journalpicked	Lab	You come into the lab with that idea fixed in mind. You know nothing about the safeness of the solution you are choosing. But honestly, what else you could do by now? There is a mansion to save. There is a mystery to solve. You can only trust your other Self and go forward. In the left corner, the box for the time jumps is still idle, waiting for you.										
burningend1-1		You failed!	And this is a very bad decision, Dr. Loob. The fire begins devouring you. Your life is gone and with it probably the ones of Dr. Rowley and Miss Lucy too.		gameover								
burningend2-1		You failed!	Only few seconds remain for you to curse your lack of caution. Then the flames begin devouring you. Your life is gone and with it the one of Dr. Rowley too.		gameover								
rightjump1-1		Time passes…	June the 19th, 1977, 6 o'clock a.m. You wake up in your comfortable bed, Dr.Loob. Again... The room is still covered by the dim light. Few rays of light pass through the shutters. On the night table near the bed, you can distinguish a lamp and a sheet of paper torn off from your journal. You turn on the lamp and read the note. It says a fire will invade the mansion in a little time, and you must save Dr. Rowley, that will be blocked in his rooms with no way of escape. So was the box activated and did a future Me contact me through it? How can it be?		bedroom1-2						x		
rightjump1-2		Time passes…	June the 19th, 1977, 6 o'clock a.m. You wake up in your comfortable bed, Dr.Loob. Again... The room is still covered by the dim light. Few rays of light pass through the shutters. On the night table near the bed, you can distinguish a lamp and a sheet of paper torn off from your journal. You turn on the lamp and read the note. It says a fire will invade the mansion in a little time and that in an another timeline you succeeded in saving Dr. Rowley. This time you have to check the kitchen immediately and discover what's going on. So was the box activated and did a future Me contact me through it? How can it be?		bedroom1-3						x		
wrongtimejump1-1		You failed!	Without a help, you... you cannot remember anything. And sadly you didn't pick the blueprint which explains how to initialize the procedure of time jump. There is no way to come back in the mansion by now... You have failed your mission, Dr. Loob.		gameover								
wrongtimejump2-1		You failed!	But this is not the correct procedure to turn on the Box. You already knew, didn't you? The wrong settings originate a state of imbalance in the machine parameters and a blackout of all its functions. You have failed your mission, Dr. Loob.		gameover								
shortcut1-3	-	Better hurry up	As you are tired and, in a certain way, irritated by the sensation that all your days look so similar and that other folk imagine you like a boring old scientist who meets only two persons a day, can remember a damn thing and needs the burning of his entire house to appear cool, you decide to run towards the entrance avoiding to think anything about windows, door, painting, flowers and so on...		antechamber1-3								
messagecreated1-1		You've got an idea	Miss Lucy's deduction about Dr. Rowley's position is definitely the most plausible. You quickly write some lines on one of the journal sheets. You tear it off. In your mind, the idea to prove the real effectiveness of that formula written by Dr. Rowley has grown clearer and clearer. With that note you could save him.	messagecreated	boulevard1-1								
gameover3		You failed!	The message says it clear. There was no time to lose. By now it is impossible to avoid the fire. You failed your mission, Dr. Loob…		gameover								
discovery1-2		Time to speak with Dr. Rowley	"When you are finally in the entrance, Dr. Rowley says to you: ""Dr. Loob, what we can do now?"" ""The instructions my future Self sent me say to use the box again."" ""Wh-what? Use the box again? What does it mean?"" ""I guess that in a near future, I could use the box and send to me that message, thanks to the formula you found."" ""I... I really don't understand... I didn't find any formula, Dr. Loob."" "		discovery2-2								
discovery2-2		Time to speak with Dr. Rowley	If the one who wrote the formula on the sheet of paper you found in your journal wasn't Dr. Rowley, who did it? The calligraphy was his. You are damn sure of this. You are confused. Your Self of the future could originate a time jump. The message proves it. You need time to understand. You need ANOTHER time.	discoverymade	entrance1-2								
totheend1-3	-	The moment of the truth is near	You repeat quickly in your mind the information collected from the message from the future. In just a few minutes in the kitchen or the cellar, some unknown event will provoke a fire. This third time you and your fellows are in a very dangerous situation. If you fail, you all will die and all your studies about time jumps will be erased forever. Breathe and go on, Dr. Loob.	nearthetruth	kitchen1-3								
footprints1-3	-	Here we are!	So someone entered in the mansion from the window. For some reason they slammed against the shelves, by pouring out the oil on the ground. Then they headed to the cellar and there you are ready to go. Holding tight the bottle, you open the door slowly, very slowly.	positionrevealed	cellar1-3								
lancemeeting1-3	-	Who are you?	"… The man turns around and now he faces you. ""Dr. Loob. You are finally here."" ""Who are you?"" ""My name is Lance."""	lancerevealed	cellar1-3								
goodending1-3	-	Why are you are, Lance?	"You look at Lance with a menacing eye. ""Explain. Soon."" ""This travel of mine, this fire, this meeting were all in the plan of my father. I come from 2017 and used the time box to realize this plan."" ""Do you use the formula written by Dr. Rowley?"" ""Yes. That formula. I put it in your journal. Then I put you all in danger in the attempt to convince you to use it with the box, even without real proof of its effectiveness."" ""So Dr. Rowley will find it in the future?"" ""No, daddy made all the necessary tests, but the formula was found out by you some months just before..."" ""Speak, Lance!"""		goodending2-3								
goodending2-3	-	Why are you here, Lance?	"""... before your death."" ""No need to hide it. But why Dr. Rowley will organize this plan putting himself in a very serious danger? And you also... if he had died, you couldn't even be born."" ""To save the world, Dr. Loob."" ""What?"" ""You and my father can save us all, but you need time. If the time jumps are possible earlier, you can do it.""You sighed deeply.""I have to go now. Better not to create any time paradox. Thanks for saving my father. And my mother too.""And with that sweet smile, he disappeared from your life. At least for now."		youwin								
badending1-3	-	Your hand is trembling	"With all your strength you throw the bottle towards his head. Your aim is incredibly perfect. Lance faints, permitting you to tie him. You won. You saved yourself and your fellows. You preserved your mansion and all your research. Now that everything is over, you can contact the police and make Lance arrested. When they take him away, he has the chance to say only a few last words. ""Why didn't you talk to me, Dr. Loob? If not you, nobody can believe in what I had to say... We are simply ruined. No more chances to save us. Greet my father and mom for me, ok?""And with that sad smile, he disappears forever from your life."		youwin								
missionfailed1-2	-	You forgot something important	Dr. Loob… You were told to help Dr. Rowley blocked in his rooms. But you didn't. You try to come back passing through the sitting room but the flames have completely invaded it by now. You had the mission to save Dr. Rowley, and you failed it, Dr. Loob.		gameover								
